WASHINGTON—Staring down a likely expulsion from the House of Representatives, Rep. George Santos (R-NY) told reporters “I am just a little girl trapped at the bottom of a well” on Monday. “I was trying to get my beloved dolly Mildred back, but when I leaned over, I fell in too,” the embattled congressman said from his D.C. apartment, slamming Rep. Michael Guest (R-MS) and the rest of the House Ethics Committee for weaponizing their political power to go after a helpless 5-year-old girl from the Great Plains of Nebraska. “It’s so dark and so cold down here, and I’ve had nothing to eat or drink for hours. How can I have embezzled any campaign funds when I’m just a scared little baby farm girl? Pwease help me! I miss my ma and pa!” Santos went on to argue that it was unconstitutional to expel a congressperson who was trapped at the bottom of a well.

DENVER—Saying she couldn’t help but feel a little let down by the man’s inaction, local 31-year-old Jessica Sillman was reportedly wondering Monday why her boyfriend, Zachary Coffey, never showered her with roses while shouting “Brava!” “Maybe I have unrealistic expectations from watching too many operas, but a little standing ovation once in a while would be nice,” said Sillman, who noted with dismay that her partner of six months seemed oblivious to her hints no matter how deeply she bowed. “Is it me? Is my rendition of ‘O mio babbino caro’ that bad? I’m not asking for a crazy grand gesture, just a cry of ‘Magnifica!’ or ‘Bellissima!’ Since when is that too much to ask?” At press time, sources confirmed Sillman was googling “what does it mean when your boyfriend throws overripe tomatoes at you.”

_______
An outbreak of bird flu has killed 220 flamingos in north-western Argentina, officials have confirmed.

The dead birds are of the James's flamingo species (Phoenicoparrus jamesi), which lives at high altitudes in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile and Peru.

The H5N1 strain of the avian flu virus currently spreading through South America can infect an entire flock within days.

It can also spread to humans and other mammals through droppings and saliva.

What is bird flu and what's behind the outbreak?
Gene-edited chickens partially resist bird flu
In August, more than 50 sea lions died of bird flu on Argentina's Atlantic coast and earlier this year thousands of them were found dead in Chile and Peru.

Some of the tests carried out on the flamingos found dead in the north-western province of Catamarca came back positive for avian flu, biodiversity official Anabella Ahumada told local media.

The lagoons in the area are also home to two other species of flamingo, but so far only James's flamingos appear to have been infected.

The local authorities said they had put in place measures to contain the spread of the virus They also warned locals not to touch any dead animals.

The James's flamingo, also known as puna flamingo, is categorised as "near threatened" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

______

Hamas released another group of hostages on Monday, not long after officials announced an agreement between the Palestinian group and Israel to extend a cease-fire in the Gaza Strip for another two days.

Israel's military and security services confirmed that the 11 hostages are now back in Israeli territory. The Red Cross had said about three hours earlier that the freed group had been turned over into its care.

Dr. Majed Al-Ansari, the spokesperson for Qatar's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said the group includes 3 French citizens, 2 German citizens and 6 Argentinian citizens. In exchange, Al-Ansari said, Israel is releasing 33 Palestinians — 30 minors and 3 women — from Israeli prisons.

Earlier Monday, mediating country Qatar announced the two-day extension of the temporary cease-fire, which began Friday and was initially set to last four days. 

"The State of Qatar announces that, as part of the ongoing mediation, an agreement has been reached to extend the humanitarian truce for an additional two days in the Gaza Strip," Al-Ansari said in a social media post. 

John Kirby, a spokesperson for the National Security Council at the White House, confirmed the extension at a news briefing held shortly after Qatar's announcement. Kirby said Hamas had agreed to release 20 additional hostages being held in Gaza back to Israel over the next two days, and added that they are working to extend the cease-fire further than that.

In the wake of the deadly Oct. 7 attacks on Israel by Hamas militants, and the Israeli military's bombardment of the Gaza Strip that followed, ongoing negotiations led last week to the first pause in fighting since the war began.

Under the terms of the temporary truce deal brokered by the U.S., Qatar and Egypt, Hamas agreed to release at least 50 women and children kidnapped in Israel during the Oct. 7 rampage and held captive since then in Gaza. Israel, in turn, agreed to free about 150 Palestinian women and children detained in Israeli prisons, while also honoring a cease-fire in the interim that has allowed humanitarian aid to reach the war-torn Gaza Strip, much of which has been devastated by airstrikes.

Although the terms of the short-term deal originally called for a four-day cease-fire, with Monday being the fourth and final day, Israel had said publicly that it would be willing to extend the pause for an additional day for every 10 additional hostages released by Hamas. Militants had taken an estimated 240 hostages from Israel on Oct. 7, with some foreign nationals included in that group, according to Israeli officials.

The latest hostage release on Monday came after three earlier rounds of releases. Each of those days, Israel released 39 Palestinian women and teens who had been imprisoned in Israel, for a total of 117 so far.

On Sunday, 17 hostages were released back to Israel, including 14 Israeli citizens and three foreign nationals, according to Israeli officials. The group included Abigail Mor Edan, a 4-year-old Israeli-American girl who was the youngest American citizen being held captive.

Hamas released the second group, 17 hostages, from Gaza late on Saturday night after an hours-long delay. Thirteen of the hostages who were freed that night are Israeli, and four are Thai nationals, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said in a statement. The group included seven Israeli children whose ages ranged from 3 to 16 years old, according to the prime minister's office. 

The first group released by Hamas on Friday included 24 hostages — 13 Israelis, 10 Thai nationals and one Filipino, officials said. 

"We just completed the return of the first of our hostages: children, their mothers and additional women," said Netanyahu on Friday. "Each of them is an entire world. But I emphasize to you, the families, and to you, citizens of Israel: we are committed to returning all the hostages. This is one of the aims of the war and we are committed to achieving all the aims of the war."

______
NEW YORK (AP) — After a scorching first turn on the witness stand, former president Donald Trump plans to testify again next month in his civil fraud trial, his lawyers said Monday.

He is to return Dec. 11, defense attorney Christopher Kise said.

Trump was called to testify last time by his adversaries in the lawsuit, the New York attorney general’s office. This time, the Republican 2024 presidential front-runner’s own lawyers will open the questioning and can ask about a wider range of subjects than they could on cross-examination.

Not that those limitations stopped Trump from lambasting the suit and defending himself and his business against Attorney General Letitia James’ claims. Her lawsuit says he and his company misled lenders and insurers by giving them financial statements that greatly inflated his asset values and overall net worth.

“I’m worth billions of dollars more than the financial statements,” Trump insisted on the stand last time. “This is the opposite of fraud. ... The fraud is her.”

Now finishing its second month, the trial is putting a spotlight on the real estate empire that vaulted Trump into public life and eventually politics. He maintains that James, a Democrat, is trying to damage his campaign.

At the heart of the case are Trump’s 2014 to 2021 annual “statements of financial condition,” which were used to help secure loans and other deals.

A Trump Organization executive testified Monday that the company no longer produces such statements.

The company continues to prepare various audits and other financial reports specific to some of its components, but “there is no roll-up financial statement of the company,” said Mark Hawthorn, the chief operating officer of the Trump Organization’s hotel arm.

He wasn’t asked why the comprehensive reports had ceased but said they are “not required by any lender, currently, or any constituency.”

____
CNN
 — 
A 13-year-old in Ohio has died after “he took a bunch of Benadryl,” trying a dangerous TikTok challenge that’s circulating online, according to a CNN affiliate and a GoFundMe account from his family.

Jacob Stevens was participating in a TikTok challenge with some friends at home when he ingested the antihistamine, the family donation account states. Jacob was on a ventilator for almost a week before he died, according to WSYX.

CNN has not independently confirmed his cause of death.

Overdosing on Benadryl can result in “serious heart problems, seizures, coma, or even death,” the US Food and Drug Administration said in a 2020 warning to the public about the deadly “Benadryl Challenge” on TikTok.

CNN takes over a 14-year-old's TikTok account. 17 minutes in, this is what we saw
07:18 - Source: CNN Business
Jacob’s grandmother is doing anything she can “to make sure another child doesn’t go through” with the challenge, she told CNN affiliate WSYX.

In a statement to CNN, TikTok said, “Our deepest sympathies go out to the family. At TikTok, we strictly prohibit and remove content that promotes dangerous behavior with the safety of our community as a priority. We have never seen this type of content trend on our platform and have blocked searches for years to help discourage copycat behavior. Our team of 40,000 safety professionals works to remove violations of our Community Guidelines and we encourage our community to report any content or accounts they’re concerned about.”

The allergy drug Claritin sits on a shelf next to Benadryl in a pharmacy December 11, 2002 in New York City. The drug is now available in stores nationwide without a prescription.  (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)  
FDA issues Benadryl warning as it investigates reports of teen injuries and deaths linked to TikTok challenge
The maker of Benadryl, Johnson & Johnson, has called the challenge “dangerous.”

“We understand that consumers may have heard about an online ‘challenge’ involving the misuse or abuse of diphenhydramine,” the undated online statement reads.

“The challenge, which involves ingestion of excessive quantities of diphenhydramine, is a dangerous trend and should be stopped immediately. BENADRYL® products and other diphenhydramine products should only be used as directed by the label.”

“We are working with TikTok and other social platforms to remove content that showcases this behavior,” the statement added. “We will look to partner across industry and with key stakeholders to address this dangerous behavior.”

CNN has reached out to the Stevens family and Columbus Public Health for comment.

The FDA’s 2020 warning said the agency had “contacted TikTok and strongly urged them to remove the videos from their platform and to be vigilant to remove additional videos that may be posted.”

Benadryl is an antihistamine used to treat symptoms such as a runny nose or sneezing from upper respiratory allergies, hay fever or the common cold. It’s safe and effective when used as recommended, the FDA said.

“Diphenhydramine is marketed under the brand-name Benadryl, store brands, and generics. It is also available in combination with pain relievers, fever reducers, and decongestants,” the agency said.

Consumers and parents should store Benadryl and other over-the-counter medications and prescription medicines out of the reach of children, the FDA said.

CNN’s Jamie Gumbrecht and Travis Nichols contributed to this report.

_____
LOS ANGELES—As rumors of sales and shutdowns of the popular app continued to spread, panicking TikTok influencers reportedly began frantically gathering as much validation as possible Thursday in case the platform was banned. “Please, Tiktok is my main source of esteem, and if it goes away, I don’t know what I’m going to do,” said 22-year-old “skinfluencer” Tatiana Evans into a front-facing camera, attempting to internalize every heart reaction and comment about her flawless skin and perfect body ahead of the popular video app’s prospective closure, hoping to squirrel some adoration away for future use in the unfortunate circumstance that there was a lull between social media apps to provide the wealth of outside assurance she has come to rely on. “Not to scaremonger, but I really need everyone to reach deep inside and provide me with as much validation as possible to stash away in case the app is banned in America and the well runs dry. So if you are willing and able to tell me I’m hot, now is the time—I literally need your attention to survive and I’m super worried that I will run out of your gushing affirmations if I don’t mentally start saving them now. I know I should have been putting aside some of your comments calling me an 11 out of 10 for a rainy day instead of immediately feeding off them, but even putting together a small nest egg of compliments and heart-eyes emojis today would be a huge help.” At press time, Evans had burned through a decade’s worth of validation in just two minutes after noticing a potential pimple forming under her skin.